Edna Mae Messer

September 13, 1917 - May 14, 2008

Mrs. Edna Mae Messer, age 90 of Walker, Kentucky was born on September 13, 1917, daughter of the late George and Mossie Bargo Carnes. Mrs. Messer passed away Wednesday May 14, 2008, with her loving children by her side, at the Knox County General Hospital. She was preceded in death by her first husband Leroy Mills, second husband George D. Messer and her dear and special friend Ted Simpson. She was also preceded in death by her sister Dorothy Carnes, brothers Alonzo, Leroy, McCoy, Flem D. and Raymond Carnes. 

Mrs. Messer was the loving mother of Charlene Riley and husband Pat of Louisville, Carolyn Gambrel of Pineville, Sherry Moore and husband Virgil of Davis Bend, Darrell Glenn Messer and wife Candace, Flem Edward Messer both of Walker and Terry Joe Messer and wife Charlotte of Barbourville. She is also survived by sister, Evelyn Warren of Arjay, brothers, Cloyd Carnes of Williamsburg, and George Carnes Jr. of Walker. Grandchildren, Pamela Jeanes, G. Keith Gambrel, Tonia Moore, Lacy Messer, Stephanie Mills, Melissa Jo Fuson, Darrell Messer II, and Flem Messer Jr. Great Grandchildren, Katelyn Jeanes, Aaron, Ethan and Ryan Mills, Matthew Logan, Kristina Pagyie, Joshua Parker, Toby Austin, and Autumn Faith Messer. Sisters-in-law, Doxie Carnes & Gladys Carnes. Special friends, Peggy Jones, Opal Kinningham, and Delores Bingham. Caregivers, Shirley Gambrel, Judy Messer, Peggy Kemner, Karen Johnson, April Price, Knox County Home Health, Dr. Sturgil, Dr. Ashburn, Dr. Warren, and Dewanna. 

Mrs. Messer was a loyal and dedicated member of the Walker Baptist Church wherein she was the oldest living Charter Member, Kentucky Colonel, as well as an enthusiastic University of Kentucky basketball fan. 

Services for Mrs. Edna Messer will be conducted in the Hopper Funeral Home Chapel on Saturday, May 17, 2008 at 1:00 p.m. with Rev. Lester Tirey officiating. Burial will follow in the Coon Messer Cemetery with Flem Messer Jr., Phoenix Messer Jr., Eugene Carnes, Randall Carnes, Ray Carnes Jr., MacArthur Carnes, Steve Warren, Rex Carnes, Merrill Carnes, Mike Jeanes, Wendell Bond and Andy Goss serving as Pallbearers. The family will receive friends at the Hopper Funeral Home on Friday, May 16, 2008, from 6:00 p.m. to 9:00 p.m. and on Saturday after 10:00 a.m. until the funeral hour at 1:00 p.m. Hopper Funeral Home is in charge of all arrangements.

Reference: https://www.hopperfuneralhome.com/obituary/225728
Reference: https://web.archive.org/web/20240414152357/https://www.hopperfuneralhome.com/obituary/225728
